# Registration via the jquery and php

In this repository, we will have 3 actions.
1. Registration
2. Login
3. Logout

Explanation
1. Registration
    In the registration part, I used few functions which are not described here. These function are used for validation of inputs in front-end and backend.
    In regex.js file i used name, surname, email and password for registration. After the validation of each input via regular expression function (you can find this function on another repository called "Jquery-regex-functions"), these inputs are sent to backend (connect.php) via AJAX (POST Request) to check the duplication of email and autogenerated username. If user registered successfully, then page redirects to Myaccount page.

2. Login
    In the Login part, I used few functions which are not described here. These function are used for validation of inputs in front-end and backend.
    In regex file, i used email and password to login the website.After the validation of each input via regular expression function (you can find this function on another repository called "Jquery-regex-functions"), these inputs are sent to backend (connect.php) via AJAX (POST Request) to verify the username and validate the password. If user login successfully, then page redirects to Myaccount page.
    
    3. Logout
     If logout is issued, sessiong is destroyed and user redirects to login page.
     
     
     
Notes: These processes are regulated in the same file (connect.php) using the process string for each other.
       POST Request is used to send user data to database.  
